Overview:
  My hybrid-image program contains two alignment methods. Each of which are vastly different
  from one another.

  Harris Corner Detection + Brute Force Matcher:
    I decided for one of my alignment algorithms I wanted to try and mostly utilize opencv's libraries to see what
    the results to be. Firstly, I got the resulting images of applying the Harris Corner Detection algorithm that
    was provided by opencv. Then using those images, I created image descriptors using the opencv's ORB algorithm
    and was able to match those key points to the images provided. I then averaged the distance between all of the
    matching key points to find how much to move the high pass image

  Middle-out Alignment Algorithm:
    The name is a reference to a fictional algorithm in Silicon Valley(the tv show). The algorithm itself, however,
    was thought of by me when experimenting with high-pass filters. I was experimenting with different high_pass algorithms
    to see which one I liked, however, I came across one that seemed to keep a lot of facial features with minimal noise and had binary values(hi, lo).
    At the time, I thought that this filter could be helpful for creating an algorithm and after thinking about it for a while
    this is what I came up with. 

    Finding x coordinate
    The basis of the algorithm works because human facial features are generally vertically symmetrical. If we choose the correct x coordinate
    to represent the middle of the face then we can line up the two images with each other using translation. This algorithm tries to
    find the correct x by doing the following: First, we iterate through all the potential x candidates; for each x candidate, we have
    two pointers iterate outwards together to try and see whether both pointers are pointing to a facial feature(hi); if it is, then we 
    increment our hit variable and we choose the x candidate with the most hits.

    Finding y coordinate
    Finding the y coordinate is harder because the human face is not horizontally symmetrical. I initially thought that I would only translate by x
    but after thinking for a while, I thought of this approach. After finding our x coordinate we should also have an array that is populated while
    the program is trying to find the middle x coordinate. This array counts the frequency of hits for every y coordinate.

    The rationale behind this is that the eyes and the mouth(intensity of hits around mouth is really variable because the filter works very differently depending
    on how you're smiling) is going to have a lot of hits. If we are able to consistently find these peaks then we can find a y coordinate using some arbitrary algorithm
    and line the pictures vertically

    From here how we compute the y coordinate can go a lot of different ways I decided with the following but I believe that a better algorithm definitely exists but
    due to time constraints was not implemented. I decided to line the images up vertically based on the largest island of hits in the y frequency.
    The rationale behind this choice was the following: implementation is incredibly easy and I think that a spread out number of low hits in the array is more indicative
    of a facial feature than just one intense value(although this may be wrong). The goal of this being, to find the eyes, I decided to not go with an algorithm that dealt with 
    the mouth because there was a lot of variation in the filter with how the mouth came out.

    Possible alternative y coordinate algorithms I thought of:
      Choose two peaks(mouth and eyes) and return its average y coordinate

      Original algorithm but we see where the hits are concentrated along
      the x. If the hits are concentrated in the middle then more than likely
      the y we are on is the mouth, if it's not concentrated in the middle then
      we are likely on the eyes. (I might actually implement this one later)

Hybrid Parameters:
  Most of these parameters were chosen through just whatever looked best for me at the time, or were the same parameters that were given to me through online documentation.
  One parameter I believe is incredibly important is the sigma for my middle out algorithm. This yields really different results when raised higher and creates a lot of noise
  which completely throws off the algorithm. Three, I believe, is the sweet spot for isolating the facial features needed for my algorithm.

Alignment Comparison:
  Unsurprisingly, the algorithm that heavily utilizes opencv's library beats my middle out algorithm in many of the tests I conducted. One huge reason for this is because of
  images with a smile with a lot of teeth and I believe eyebrows. This creates a huge island of hi values and is mistaken for eyes. If the other image isn't smiling big enough then the eyes are aligned
  to the mouth, which is not ideal. Hopefully the alternative algorithms that I mentioned above fixes this issue. Another problem I believe might be the eyebrows but I am not 100% sure and
  didn't do thorough testing on because it is close the eyes.

  However, in a lot cases the algorithm works surprisingly well and is comparable to the result of the opencv algorithm in finding the correct x which I am very happy with, since that's 
  what my algorithm was fundamentally about. I would say that the biggest system change I had to implement was trying to find a way to align the y coordinate in the first place using 
  only vertical symmetry because originally I had planned to only translate by x.
  example of my algorithm actually performing better are these inputs: ./dataset/aligned/face_0005.png ./dataset/large/face_0006

AI Declaration:
  The extent of my use of AI is accidentally finding useful syntax using Google's AI Overview, which I would've likely just found in the documentation anyways. Otherwise, I did not use
  AI of any kind
